 If you're just thinking, I need more. I  If you're just thinking, I need more. I  If you're just thinking, I need more. I want more. You know, I only I'm only  want more. You know, I only I'm only  want more. You know, I only I'm only working external as opposed to internal,  working external as opposed to internal,  working external as opposed to internal, it's going to be stressful, it's going  it's going to be stressful, it's going  it's going to be stressful, it's going to be harder, it's going to take longer.  to be harder, it's going to take longer.  to be harder, it's going to take longer. You might still get it. It's just going  You might still get it. It's just going  You might still get it. It's just going to take more time. Yeah. You're not  to take more time. Yeah. You're not  to take more time. Yeah. You're not going in flow. You know, like that  going in flow. You know, like that  going in flow. You know, like that famous uh scene in Doctor Strange where  famous uh scene in Doctor Strange where  famous uh scene in Doctor Strange where the master, she says, you can't beat a a  the master, she says, you can't beat a a  the master, she says, you can't beat a a river into submission. You have to take  river into submission. You have to take  river into submission. You have to take its energy and flow as your own as its  its energy and flow as your own as its  its energy and flow as your own as its own. So, you've kind of go with the flow  own. So, you've kind of go with the flow  own. So, you've kind of go with the flow of the river. You know, kind of a a  of the river. You know, kind of a a  of the river. You know, kind of a a break in the quote there, but it's  break in the quote there, but it's  break in the quote there, but it's similar. But what she's saying is, you  similar. But what she's saying is, you  similar. But what she's saying is, you know, you you can't beat it into  know, you you can't beat it into  know, you you can't beat it into submission. And this this universe is a  submission. And this this universe is a  submission. And this this universe is a flow, an energetic flow, and you just  flow, an energetic flow, and you just  flow, an energetic flow, and you just got to get on the same frequency of what  got to get on the same frequency of what  got to get on the same frequency of what you're trying to attract. When you begin  you're trying to attract. When you begin  you're trying to attract. When you begin to realize you're bringing everything  to realize you're bringing everything  to realize you're bringing everything towards you, you're collapsing realities  towards you, you're collapsing realities  towards you, you're collapsing realities into existence versus chasing things. It  into existence versus chasing things. It  into existence versus chasing things. It becomes so much easier. When someone has  becomes so much easier. When someone has  becomes so much easier. When someone has a mindset of I'm chasing after my goal  a mindset of I'm chasing after my goal  a mindset of I'm chasing after my goal versus attracting it, what happens?  versus attracting it, what happens?  versus attracting it, what happens? Well, what happens is you find that  Well, what happens is you find that  Well, what happens is you find that there's so many other so many more  there's so many other so many more  there's so many other so many more obstacles that appear or pop up, things  obstacles that appear or pop up, things  obstacles that appear or pop up, things that hinder you, also so many more  that hinder you, also so many more  that hinder you, also so many more distractions uh arise. But when you  distractions uh arise. But when you  distractions uh arise. But when you realize that you're here to attract the  realize that you're here to attract the  realize that you're here to attract the goal, attract those benchmarks, attract  goal, attract those benchmarks, attract  goal, attract those benchmarks, attract those that happiness into your life, you  those that happiness into your life, you  those that happiness into your life, you then take a journey to inner space. And  then take a journey to inner space. And  then take a journey to inner space. And when you're working within yourself,  when you're working within yourself,  when you're working within yourself, you're clearing space, you're doing  you're clearing space, you're doing  you're clearing space, you're doing shadow work, you're doing forgiveness,  shadow work, you're doing forgiveness,  shadow work, you're doing forgiveness, you're speaking affirmations, you're  you're speaking affirmations, you're  you're speaking affirmations, you're you're you're uh you know, you're you're  you're you're uh you know, you're you're  you're you're uh you know, you're you're writing things down, you're preparing,  writing things down, you're preparing,  writing things down, you're preparing, you're planning, it's all in here.  you're planning, it's all in here.  you're planning, it's all in here. Everything happens here first. Nothing  Everything happens here first. Nothing  Everything happens here first. Nothing manifests on the outside without  manifests on the outside without  manifests on the outside without conscious thoughts. So if for example,  conscious thoughts. So if for example,  conscious thoughts. So if for example, just this table, right? Somebody thought  just this table, right? Somebody thought  just this table, right? Somebody thought about like it'd be nice to have a round  about like it'd be nice to have a round  about like it'd be nice to have a round table so people can have a discussion  table so people can have a discussion  table so people can have a discussion and sit across from each other and talk.  and sit across from each other and talk.  and sit across from each other and talk. So this person saw this table in his  So this person saw this table in his  So this person saw this table in his multi-dimensional platform. He then  multi-dimensional platform. He then  multi-dimensional platform. He then collapsed it from multiple dimensions  collapsed it from multiple dimensions  collapsed it from multiple dimensions into two dimensions by drawing it on a  into two dimensions by drawing it on a  into two dimensions by drawing it on a piece of paper or putting it into a  piece of paper or putting it into a  piece of paper or putting it into a computer computer assisted design. It's  computer computer assisted design. It's  computer computer assisted design. It's still 2D even though it looks 3D. From  still 2D even though it looks 3D. From  still 2D even though it looks 3D. From there, once he gets it exactly like he  there, once he gets it exactly like he  there, once he gets it exactly like he wants it, he sends that instruction or  wants it, he sends that instruction or  wants it, he sends that instruction or that blueprint or that architecture  that blueprint or that architecture  that blueprint or that architecture right over to a engineer who then  right over to a engineer who then  right over to a engineer who then manifested into threedimensional reality  manifested into threedimensional reality  manifested into threedimensional reality that can move around on the XYZ axis.  that can move around on the XYZ axis.  that can move around on the XYZ axis. And now we have this table here. But  And now we have this table here. But  And now we have this table here. But what we're doing when we're looking at  what we're doing when we're looking at  what we're doing when we're looking at this table and sitting at it, we're  this table and sitting at it, we're  this table and sitting at it, we're looking at a multi-dimensional thought  looking at a multi-dimensional thought  looking at a multi-dimensional thought that existed in someone's mind. Isn't  that existed in someone's mind. Isn't  that existed in someone's mind. Isn't that powerful? That's powerful. And we  that powerful? That's powerful. And we  that powerful? That's powerful. And we all have that power. So when people say,  all have that power. So when people say,  all have that power. So when people say, "I don't know. This guy's talking about  "I don't know. This guy's talking about  "I don't know. This guy's talking about manifesting reality." Well, there would  manifesting reality." Well, there would  manifesting reality." Well, there would be nothing here. This jacket, this  be nothing here. This jacket, this  be nothing here. This jacket, this table, right? Your watch, your your your  table, right? Your watch, your your your  table, right? Your watch, your your your bracelet, nothing would exist. This  bracelet, nothing would exist. This  bracelet, nothing would exist. This chair we're sitting in wouldn't even be  chair we're sitting in wouldn't even be  chair we're sitting in wouldn't even be here because these are all things that  here because these are all things that  here because these are all things that are manifested from conscious thought.  are manifested from conscious thought.  are manifested from conscious thought. So, we're creating reality every single  So, we're creating reality every single  So, we're creating reality every single day, and we don't even realize it. or  day, and we don't even realize it. or  day, and we don't even realize it. or taking it for granted. It's amazing.  taking it for granted. It's amazing.  taking it for granted. It's amazing. Yeah, it's powerful. It's amazing. Is  Yeah, it's powerful. It's amazing. Is  Yeah, it's powerful. It's amazing. Is there any other elements to this process  there any other elements to this process  there any other elements to this process that you would add? I would just add  that you would add? I would just add  that you would add? I would just add follow through, you know. Yeah, you got  follow through, you know. Yeah, you got  follow through, you know. Yeah, you got to follow through. Uh sometimes people  to follow through. Uh sometimes people  to follow through. Uh sometimes people are trying to get a little tired towards  are trying to get a little tired towards  are trying to get a little tired towards the end and uh they're like, "Well, it  the end and uh they're like, "Well, it  the end and uh they're like, "Well, it didn't happen this last four or five  didn't happen this last four or five  didn't happen this last four or five weeks. I'm going to stop saying my  weeks. I'm going to stop saying my  weeks. I'm going to stop saying my affirmations."  affirmations."  affirmations." Just keep going, man. Just keep stay in  Just keep going, man. Just keep stay in  Just keep going, man. Just keep stay in the system. Keep working on yourself.  the system. Keep working on yourself.  the system. Keep working on yourself. Keep in keep uh keep the positive  Keep in keep uh keep the positive  Keep in keep uh keep the positive affirmations going. Keep being of  affirmations going. Keep being of  affirmations going. Keep being of service to others, you know? Keep being  service to others, you know? Keep being  service to others, you know? Keep being the light of the world. Keep working on  the light of the world. Keep working on  the light of the world. Keep working on yourself and keep taking action steps  yourself and keep taking action steps  yourself and keep taking action steps towards your goal. And I would say, you  towards your goal. And I would say, you  towards your goal. And I would say, you know, just to add to that and maybe it's  know, just to add to that and maybe it's  know, just to add to that and maybe it's the last thing, and you probably already  the last thing, and you probably already  the last thing, and you probably already have this in your process as well, is  have this in your process as well, is  have this in your process as well, is when you receive, really express  when you receive, really express  when you receive, really express gratitude. Oh, it is so important when  gratitude. Oh, it is so important when  gratitude. Oh, it is so important when when you get a baby step in pro in  when you get a baby step in pro in  when you get a baby step in pro in progress. I'm so grateful for this  progress. I'm so grateful for this  progress. I'm so grateful for this process and the progress that I'm making  process and the progress that I'm making  process and the progress that I'm making every single day. Even though it doesn't  every single day. Even though it doesn't  every single day. Even though it doesn't feel like a lot, I know it's so much  feel like a lot, I know it's so much  feel like a lot, I know it's so much farther than where I once was.  farther than where I once was.  farther than where I once was. Absolutely. and and being grateful for  Absolutely. and and being grateful for  Absolutely. and and being grateful for how far you're coming. Yes. It's it's  how far you're coming. Yes. It's it's  how far you're coming. Yes. It's it's never going to feel like it's happening  never going to feel like it's happening  never going to feel like it's happening fast enough. Yeah. Yeah. Never. You  fast enough. Yeah. Yeah. Never. You  fast enough. Yeah. Yeah. Never. You always be I wish it could happen faster,  always be I wish it could happen faster,  always be I wish it could happen faster, right? And I think you're just resisting  right? And I think you're just resisting  right? And I think you're just resisting the flow, like you said, when you're  the flow, like you said, when you're  the flow, like you said, when you're ungrateful for the growth. Yes. Because  ungrateful for the growth. Yes. Because  ungrateful for the growth. Yes. Because the growth is there. And even a setback  the growth is there. And even a setback  the growth is there. And even a setback is growth if you're taking consistent  is growth if you're taking consistent  is growth if you're taking consistent action. You might have to break certain  action. You might have to break certain  action. You might have to break certain patterns and you might have to like  patterns and you might have to like  patterns and you might have to like disconnect with certain people or leave  disconnect with certain people or leave  disconnect with certain people or leave a job or you might lose money or  a job or you might lose money or  a job or you might lose money or opportunities at first to then move  opportunities at first to then move  opportunities at first to then move forward and it might feel like oh this  forward and it might feel like oh this  forward and it might feel like oh this is even harder now. Yeah. But know that  is even harder now. Yeah. But know that  is even harder now. Yeah. But know that if you're taking the actions that  if you're taking the actions that  if you're taking the actions that setback might be the ultimate growth  setback might be the ultimate growth  setback might be the ultimate growth that you needed. Yeah. And so when you  that you needed. Yeah. And so when you  that you needed. Yeah. And so when you gain you're consistent with your word on  gain you're consistent with your word on  gain you're consistent with your word on a daily basis and you you are your word  a daily basis and you you are your word  a daily basis and you you are your word consistently with what your actions are  consistently with what your actions are  consistently with what your actions are going to be and you do it you follow  going to be and you do it you follow  going to be and you do it you follow through like you said. Yeah. Receive the  through like you said. Yeah. Receive the  through like you said. Yeah. Receive the gratitude. Receive the the fruits of the  gratitude. Receive the the fruits of the  gratitude. Receive the the fruits of the consistent Yes. that you've been doing  consistent Yes. that you've been doing  consistent Yes. that you've been doing on a daily basis. If you're like, I'm  on a daily basis. If you're like, I'm  on a daily basis. If you're like, I'm running to write a book and I'm writing  running to write a book and I'm writing  running to write a book and I'm writing one page a day. Okay. Receive that. I  one page a day. Okay. Receive that. I  one page a day. Okay. Receive that. I took action. I did this step today. Y  took action. I did this step today. Y  took action. I did this step today. Y and receive that gratitude. Absolutely.  and receive that gratitude. Absolutely.  and receive that gratitude. Absolutely. Gratitude is so important. I did a whole  Gratitude is so important. I did a whole  Gratitude is so important. I did a whole series of gratitude which actually was  series of gratitude which actually was  series of gratitude which actually was on Amazon Prime before. And you know, a  on Amazon Prime before. And you know, a  on Amazon Prime before. And you know, a lot of people will say, you know, thank  lot of people will say, you know, thank  lot of people will say, you know, thank you. But did you feel that thank you?  you. But did you feel that thank you?  you. But did you feel that thank you? Did you really emote and feel the energy  Did you really emote and feel the energy  Did you really emote and feel the energy of that gratitude within the thank you?  of that gratitude within the thank you?  of that gratitude within the thank you? Somebody could hand me a cup, you know,  Somebody could hand me a cup, you know,  Somebody could hand me a cup, you know, a bottle of water and I, oh, thanks,  a bottle of water and I, oh, thanks,  a bottle of water and I, oh, thanks, man. You know, but did I really feel  man. You know, but did I really feel  man. You know, but did I really feel that thanks? Did I really get the  that thanks? Did I really get the  that thanks? Did I really get the gratitude out, the emotion? So, I  gratitude out, the emotion? So, I  gratitude out, the emotion? So, I started trying to connect with thank  started trying to connect with thank  started trying to connect with thank you, connect with thanking myself,  you, connect with thanking myself,  you, connect with thanking myself, connect with the agreement that I've  connect with the agreement that I've  connect with the agreement that I've achieved something in my life and  achieved something in my life and  achieved something in my life and accepting that gratitude, but really  accepting that gratitude, but really  accepting that gratitude, but really feeling, allowing myself to feel the  feeling, allowing myself to feel the  feeling, allowing myself to feel the emotion of that gratitude because that's  emotion of that gratitude because that's  emotion of that gratitude because that's where the real power is at. Yeah.  where the real power is at. Yeah.  where the real power is at. Yeah. That's good, man. I love this a lot.  That's good, man. I love this a lot.  That's good, man. I love this a lot. This stuff, this stuff is powerful for  This stuff, this stuff is powerful for  This stuff, this stuff is powerful for me. There's a question I want to ask you  me. There's a question I want to ask you  me. There's a question I want to ask you about time.  about time.  about time. What is time and is it an illusion? Time  What is time and is it an illusion? Time  What is time and is it an illusion? Time is actually an illusion. Now, we have  is actually an illusion. Now, we have  is actually an illusion. Now, we have the arrow of time here in the third  the arrow of time here in the third  the arrow of time here in the third dimension because we needed to navigate  dimension because we needed to navigate  dimension because we needed to navigate through this realm. Without it, we'd be  through this realm. Without it, we'd be  through this realm. Without it, we'd be completely lost. I would never have been  completely lost. I would never have been  completely lost. I would never have been able to rendevu with you right here to  able to rendevu with you right here to  able to rendevu with you right here to have this podcast on this particular  have this podcast on this particular  have this podcast on this particular timeline. But multiple timelines exist.  timeline. But multiple timelines exist.  timeline. But multiple timelines exist. So we've somehow in this particular  So we've somehow in this particular  So we've somehow in this particular frequency that we're in, we've collapsed  frequency that we're in, we've collapsed  frequency that we're in, we've collapsed this particular timeline. But according  this particular timeline. But according  this particular timeline. But according to quantum physics, there are unlimited  to quantum physics, there are unlimited  to quantum physics, there are unlimited timelines really. Timelines where you  timelines really. Timelines where you  timelines really. Timelines where you and I aren't even sitting here. You're  and I aren't even sitting here. You're  and I aren't even sitting here. You're doing something and I'm doing something,  doing something and I'm doing something,  doing something and I'm doing something, right? We're doing something totally  right? We're doing something totally  right? We're doing something totally different in this moment. In this exact  different in this moment. In this exact  different in this moment. In this exact moment. Timelines where we never met in  moment. Timelines where we never met in  moment. Timelines where we never met in the, you know, through our entire lives.  the, you know, through our entire lives.  the, you know, through our entire lives. Timelines where we could have been  Timelines where we could have been  Timelines where we could have been nextdoor neighbors. I mean, anything you  nextdoor neighbors. I mean, anything you  nextdoor neighbors. I mean, anything you can conceive into mind actually  can conceive into mind actually  can conceive into mind actually happened. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This  happened. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This  happened. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is the superp position and probability  is the superp position and probability  is the superp position and probability of the universe. How does it actually  of the universe. How does it actually  of the universe. How does it actually how did it already happen though? Well,  how did it already happen though? Well,  how did it already happen though? Well, there's so many multiple time it's  there's so many multiple time it's  there's so many multiple time it's unlimited timelines. And so it's this in  unlimited timelines. And so it's this in  unlimited timelines. And so it's this in in science that discovered that every  in science that discovered that every  in science that discovered that every potential outcome actually happens which  potential outcome actually happens which  potential outcome actually happens which is wild. How does that happen? How do  is wild. How does that happen? How do  is wild. How does that happen? How do they how does science discover that or  they how does science discover that or  they how does science discover that or or claim that to be true? the quantum  or claim that to be true? the quantum  or claim that to be true? the quantum world. When they looked into the quantum  world. When they looked into the quantum  world. When they looked into the quantum world, the subatomic when you go down to  world, the subatomic when you go down to  world, the subatomic when you go down to the tiniest tiniest area realm that we  the tiniest tiniest area realm that we  the tiniest tiniest area realm that we can get access to and start learning, we  can get access to and start learning, we  can get access to and start learning, we realize this incredible superp position  realize this incredible superp position  realize this incredible superp position that exists where waves of everything  that exists where waves of everything  that exists where waves of everything that exists in the universe is a wave.  that exists in the universe is a wave.  that exists in the universe is a wave. Your house exists as a wave of  Your house exists as a wave of  Your house exists as a wave of potential. So you're not there, you're  potential. So you're not there, you're  potential. So you're not there, you're not looking at it, it's not a solid  not looking at it, it's not a solid  not looking at it, it's not a solid structure, it's a wave. If somebody else  structure, it's a wave. If somebody else  structure, it's a wave. If somebody else is looking at it, collaps into the  is looking at it, collaps into the  is looking at it, collaps into the structure. Now, why why does it collapse  structure. Now, why why does it collapse  structure. Now, why why does it collapse into the same structure that you know?  into the same structure that you know?  into the same structure that you know? Well, the atoms were stacked like Lego  Well, the atoms were stacked like Lego  Well, the atoms were stacked like Lego blocks to build what we call your house  blocks to build what we call your house  blocks to build what we call your house and they're on a resonant frequency. So,  and they're on a resonant frequency. So,  and they're on a resonant frequency. So, no matter who looks at it, that  no matter who looks at it, that  no matter who looks at it, that consciousness collapses it back into the  consciousness collapses it back into the  consciousness collapses it back into the same structure. Wow. But when you you're  same structure. Wow. But when you you're  same structure. Wow. But when you you're not looking at it, it doesn't exist. We  not looking at it, it doesn't exist. We  not looking at it, it doesn't exist. We found that through science um through  found that through science um through  found that through science um through specifically through the work of  specifically through the work of  specifically through the work of Professor Sylvester James Gates Jr. from  Professor Sylvester James Gates Jr. from  Professor Sylvester James Gates Jr. from the University of Maryland, former  the University of Maryland, former  the University of Maryland, former scientific adviser to President Obama.  scientific adviser to President Obama.  scientific adviser to President Obama. Him and a team of mathematics geniuses  Him and a team of mathematics geniuses  Him and a team of mathematics geniuses got together and discovered that the the  got together and discovered that the the  got together and discovered that the the universe is running off of something  universe is running off of something  universe is running off of something called Adinkra codes. Dinkra. Adinkra.  called Adinkra codes. Dinkra. Adinkra.  called Adinkra codes. Dinkra. Adinkra. Adinkra. Adinkra codes. Adinkra codes.  Adinkra. Adinkra codes. Adinkra codes.  Adinkra. Adinkra codes. Adinkra codes. And these Adinkra codes are the exact  And these Adinkra codes are the exact  And these Adinkra codes are the exact error correcting codes that run search  error correcting codes that run search  error correcting codes that run search engines and web browsers. Yes. Wow. So,  engines and web browsers. Yes. Wow. So,  engines and web browsers. Yes. Wow. So, we're living in a creation. We are  we're living in a creation. We are  we're living in a creation. We are living inside of a creation. The method  living inside of a creation. The method  living inside of a creation. The method of creation in my opinion is a fractal  of creation in my opinion is a fractal  of creation in my opinion is a fractal holographic universe and that it's  holographic universe and that it's  holographic universe and that it's running on a particular code and this  running on a particular code and this  running on a particular code and this code are some of these codes are called  code are some of these codes are called  code are some of these codes are called the dinkro codes that direct the fabric  the dinkro codes that direct the fabric  the dinkro codes that direct the fabric of spaceime itself and this is  of spaceime itself and this is  of spaceime itself and this is incredible knowledge to have because it  incredible knowledge to have because it  incredible knowledge to have because it shows you that yes all the ancients were  shows you that yes all the ancients were  shows you that yes all the ancients were right the biblical text the Quran and  right the biblical text the Quran and  right the biblical text the Quran and all the ancients from thousands of years  all the ancients from thousands of years  all the ancients from thousands of years prior to them we're living inside of a  prior to them we're living inside of a  prior to them we're living inside of a creation. Thank you for watching this  creation. Thank you for watching this  creation. Thank you for watching this video. If you want more inspiring clips  video. If you want more inspiring clips  video. If you want more inspiring clips like this, make sure to click right here  like this, make sure to click right here  like this, make sure to click right here to subscribe and click right here to  to subscribe and click right here to  to subscribe and click right here to watch that next video that is specific  watch that next video that is specific  watch that next video that is specific to support you in your 